
    Here is a brief description of each PSL example:

1) psl_basic: 
    This example shows how to use some of the basic functionality that 
    is provided by the PSL.  It shows:

        - how to initialize the PSL
        - how to change the frequency and voltage using the PSL.
        - how to determine the current frequency and voltage settings.

2) psl_timer: 
    This example shows how to use the callback hooks that are provided 
    by the PSL to adjust peripherals before/after scaling operations.
    These hook functions are called by the PSL's PSL_changeSetpoints
    function.

    This particular test uses the callback hooks to stop a timer before
    a scaling operation, and to reprogram and restart the timer following
    a scaling operation.  This example uses the CSL to program the timer.
    The callback functions and timer setup code are located in timer.c.

    The timer is programmed to trigger every 10 microseconds regardless of
    the frequency.  This test counts the number of timer interrupts that 
    occur.  Since the timer triggers every 10 microseconds, the number of
    interrupts that occur will depend on the frequencies which are used.   


    To build an individual example, navigate into the example/<board> and run 
the command:

    gmake

    (Note: you must first set up the common/config.mak file.) If you wish 
to build all c55x examples navigate to the ti/psl/examples directory, run the
command:

    gmake -f makefile,55x


    Each example contains a README file which includes the purpose of the 
example, a description, and the expected output when the example is run. For 
more information on each example, please see the README file of each example.

    Each example consists of a directory named for the example, which in turn 
contains various files and sub-directories. The sub-directories are named
after a respective platform.  When this example is built for the dsk5510, 
the generated files will be stored in the directory dsk5510.

    The src/examples directory contains a directory called common which 
stores files that are used by multiple examples. This directory contains 
makefiles. The makefiles in this directory define rules and variables that 
are used by either all examples built for a particular architecture, 
or for the entire set of examples. For instance, the 
file c55rules.mak defines all the rules necessary to build the c55x 
architecture examples, and is included by each c55x example's makefile. On 
the other hand, the file config.mak contains variable definitions, such as the 
absolute path to the PSL root directory, which apply to all platforms. This 
file is included by every example's makefile, regardless of architecture.

